\
 \\
  \\\
   \\\\
    \\\\\
     \\\\\\
      \\\\\\\
       C O N V E R G E N C E
      ///////
     //////
    /////
   ////
  ///
 //
/



"Ayvin? Can you hear me?"

His eyes flutter awake. Absorbing the soft flares of light surrounding him. It's a bed, he think sot himself. I'm on a bed. What a comfy bed. It was true.
A soothing softness saves his grace. An immaculate sense of comfort that lulled him to peace. It almost made him forget he simply had no idea where he was.
What was the last thing he remembered?

"Ayvin, this must be very sensational to you, so try to take it slowly. I will explain to you as you readjust yourself to your new surrounding."

"Am... I alive?"

"Ayvin that is a very difficult question to answer, but for now, it would be alright to say that yes, you are indeed still alive."

As he tries to get up, a sudden pounding came into his head. His feet felt missing. A shockwave of dysphoria. Vertigo.

"Where am I?!"

"Ayvin, It appears your body is encountering some adjustment issues. Your neural somatic mapping is off circuit. I sense you're going through what you would consider
To be an 'emotional dissonance'. Very old stuff there. Back when psychology was still separate from physiology. You would not imagine the trouble it was to scour through
The archives."

Ayvin can barely stand as he wilts back into the soft bed. The grasps calm him as his breathing regulates. He can feel the bed caress past his body, massaging his inner organs with newfound life.

"I suggest you remain resting until your body's time shock is relaxed. This will only take a few minutes. I know it's a long time, but I cannot apply my medical services
To you at your current state. Ayvin, you are a remarkable find. To find a human body untouched by any nano-immune system is unheard of today. That alone would place you before
The 3rd epoch. But you're much more than that Ayvin. You have no trace of physio-emotional stabilizers, neither organic nor synthetic. Your cerebral-reality connector is... 
Non-existant."

"I, I don't know what any of that means. Where am I? Who are you?"

"Oh I apologize Ayvin. You're in a medical bay, back here, on Earth. My name is..." The voice pauses to ponder on what to say. Of course the voice had a name, but to use language to express it
Was something long forgotten. It excited the voice to even think about. Languages had not been abandon, but more or less outmoded. It was a redundant with further advances. Language was incomplete,
inaccurate. It failed to convey everything effectively. Like many things it was uplifted by the great convergence between the qualitative and quantitative. Knowledge of language as it used to be
remains in the archives, a victim to dust. If dust still existed. But to some, the past was still full of amazement. The voice barely knew the intoxicating rush of being limited to mere words. The books
it read, full of inconsistencies and inaccuracies. In an instant, all could be read and consumed. The idea of effort being weighed by time was extinct. All the pleasure derived from time and investment
Could be gained instantaneously. The voice knew this, yet deliberately took its time, page by page, allowing itself to suffer. An emotion so rare, the archives claim it extinct after the 1st epoch.
It remembered the first book it read. Nostromo.


"My name is Costa. Costa Guana. You're on Earth, 9th epoch. To put things into perspective Ayvin, you are a human from the 1 epoch, that is, year 5225."

His mind was a puzzle, trying to piece together memories and the new info Costa kept giving him.

"Ayvin, consider this. The sun was to die 5 billion years after your time. We've now moved past that point by another 5 billion years. You've arrived to convergence. You're arrived to Utopia. Congratulations."

"I do not feel all that happy. Nothing makes sense. How did I get here."

"That itself is remarkable. Natural time-space flashforward capabilities did not exist until the 4th epoch. At least, we did not think it did. But a temporal accident may have allowed you to come here."

"How do you know this? How were you there in the past? Can you send me back then?" 

"Understand, we cannot truly go back in time, that idea requires a primitive sense of time. Instead it is more accurate to say we can "experience" the past, the same way your memories remind 
You of the past. I cannot send you back in time, but I can make it feel as though you're still there. Your brain and senses can be reconfigured to exist and perceive reality as though you are still 
In your own time. But understand it would be an advanced form of simulation. Though people nowadays would argue that the term simulation is inaccurate. But again, it is the closest word my readers tell 
Me you'd most understand."

"Ok then. Costa, tell me everything. Tell me what's happened. Tell me where I am and where I'm heading."

Costa began. He explained how humanity had finally reached convergence. It was a philosophical breakthrough. Something all of humanity had been working towards, almost unknowingly. The achievement of achievements.
The triumph of triumphs. It was Nirvana, zen, peace, submission and freedom all at once. A cosmic balance with reality. A theological dance with technology. How left and right became one, middle and everything. How the
Discrete became continuous and the continuous discrete. The infinite as finite and the finite as infinite. The emotional and the rational. Time and space as one and both and neither at the same time. Effortless effort. A fusion and fission 
Of everything. But Costa did not explain all this through mere words. Words could never capture something boundless. Costa gave it to him, made it enter his corporeal form, allowed him to accept a vast truth every human
Being in history works towards. 


Ayvin rose and knew what to do next. He thanked Costa, and vanished.